good wandering of moaning morning Aaron
what's this man yeah go ahead well you
know what mr. Potter we completely
forgot your birthday this year and
seeing as how you've been so good to me
it seemed a terrible oversight so what
ed and I have been doing the last few
days is putting together a present for
you
634 they're all signed every single one
holy
now don't go getting jealous Teresa we
have something for you too
internal panini documents all about the
contamination the one that I like best
says and not on paraphrasing here but it
says yes the waters poisonous but it
would be better for all involved this
matter was not discussed with the
neighbors it's to the Hinkley station
from PG&E headquarters stamp received
March 1966 how did you do this
well um seeing is how I have no brains
or a legal expertise and Edie here was
losing all faith in the system mrs oh
yeah completely no faith no faith
I just went out there and performed
sexual favors 634 in five days
I'm really quite tired